<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<h4>mar 4th</h4>
	<p>
		(so so late in the day) reading walter benjamin, always reading and rereading walter benjamin and feeling bad. there is not difference between the major and the minor events of the world. i feel so sick that i beleieve i am capable of discerning. that ive discerned and decided and still do that ive become uninvolved in anything that has ever happened. please buy my marni loafers, theyre a size 43 but theyre really more like a 44 or maybe even like a 44.5 its wild who approved of this sizing, is the brands quality control that bad? theres no way that it was this clearly and purposely made and then just sized so so wrong. my feet slide out of them i wore large socks and my feet still slid out of them. if i wore large socks and had large insoles put in my feet would still slide out of them. unwearable. if i wore them i would be a target. if i had to run i wouldnt id walk with my feet sliding out because touching the ground outside is forbidden except for my shoes and when youre grabbing something cute and free like a lighter. or a pen. you should only touch the ground when youre sitting on it really. please someone  buy these loafers off me. theyre actually so nice its just that none of my outfits go with them, none of my pants are lovingly large and pillow out and layer down onto them. i wouldnt mine being so vulnerable while out. if lived in la still id embrace that vulnerability because that make sense. how far would i have to walk? 100 feet? id willingling walk 100 steps with my feet slipping out in a very silly way, unable to protect or defend myself. willing to accept an unbecoming end that was brought onto myself due to my own choices. this is what life is about, but here, here where i have to walk so so far, it wouldnt make sense. i have to walk so fast everywhere all the time. and if someone saw that i was wearing shoes that are too big, and not on purpose, itd be too much. imagine if someone saw me and realized i wasnt fashionable, or thought that i didnt make every decision with an intense and deep inentionality that pervades my being and make me feel ill. so so ill. they would say something like. no they wouldnt they would think something like, i can tell. i can tell that person didnt size those shoes to be that big on purpose, they thought they were getting a good deal but instead are stuck in a weird limbo situation and are unwilling to let go of the idea of the perfect shoe. were all seeking that perfect shoe but even worse than seeking and not finding is holding onto what shouldnt be. i would be so so embarrassed if i made eye contact with someone and could tell this entire thought process was occuring. id be red in the face for sure.
	</p>
</html>